# Travis Nielsonâ€™s Portfolio Project
Deployed Link:https://tnielson78.github.io/Portfolio/

## Description

Basic portfolio page for class project

## Motivation

This Portfolio was inspired by my instructors as a class project to help develop my coding skills and begin developing a portfolio to assist me in the job market after this course.

## Build status

This build is in progress and will continue to evolve over time. There are multiple additions I would like to add in the future.

Styling changes

More interactive features

More content

More notes will be added to HTML/CSS files to notate changes made and features for development.


## Code Style

HTML/CSS

## Credits

Tom Gold and My tutor assisted me with a portion of this project. Research on the internet to public sources.

LinkdIn Logo was provided by LinkdIn. Use was verified by their terms and conditions as a registered user I am permitted to utilize the Logo they have provided.

## Features

Clickable links/Hover over links/Hyperlinked pictures of projects. About me,Projects and Contact links at the top to jump to specific section.

## Installation

No installation necessary should be compatible with most popular browsers.

## License

MIT License


Copyright (c) 2023 TNielson78

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

![Portfolio clip](https://github.com/TNielson78/Portfolio/assets/147010160/cabd3021-ba8a-402a-8164-3f236843ad81)


Copyright (c) 2023 TNielson78


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

# Portfolio
